feat(docs): clarify rounding, division operations and update descriptions (#3320)
tact-lang/tact: docs/src/content/docs/ref/core-math.mdx

fun divc(x: Int, y: Int): Int;
```

> Computes and returns the result of division of the [`Int{:tact}`][int] `x` by the [`Int{:tact}`][int] `y`, using ceiling division (rounds towards positive infinity). This corresponds to `ceil(x/y)` from the TVM specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Computes the [rounded up][round-up] result of division of the numbers `x` and `y`. This corresponds to `ceil(x / y)` from the TVM specification.
```

fun muldivc(x: Int, y: Int, z: Int): Int;
```

> Computes and returns the result of `(x * y) / z{:tact}`, using ceiling division (rounds towards positive infinity). This corresponds to `ceil((x*y)/z)` from the TVM specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Computes the [rounded up][round-up] result of `(x * y) / z{:tact}`. This corresponds to `ceil((x * y) / z)` from the TVM specification.
```

fun mulShiftRight(x: Int, y: Int, z: Int): Int;
```

> Computes and returns the result of `(x * y) / 2^z{:tact}`, using floor division (rounds towards negative infinity). This corresponds to `floor((x*y)/2^z)` from the TVM specification. It is a more gas-efficient equivalent of performing the [bitwise shift right](/book/operators#binary-bitwise-shift-right) on the result of multiplication of [`Int{:tact}`][int] `x` by [`Int{:tact}`][int] `y`, where [`Int{:tact}`][int] `z` is the right operand of the shift.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Computes the [rounded down][round-down] result of `(x * y) / 2^z{:tact}`. This corresponds to `floor((x * y) / 2^z)` from the TVM specification.

It is a more gas-efficient equivalent of doing the [bitwise shift right](/book/operators#binary-bitwise-shift-right) on the result of multiplication of `x` and `y`, where `z` is the right operand of the shift. 
```

fun mulShiftRightRound(x: Int, y: Int, z: Int): Int;
```

> Similar to [`mulShiftRight(){:tact}`](#mulshiftright), but the result value `(x * y) / 2^z` is rounded to the nearest integer. In cases where the fractional part is exactly 0.5, it rounds towards positive infinity. This corresponds to `floor((x*y)/2^z + 1/2)` from the TVM specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Computes `floor((x * y) / 2^z + 0.5)` from the TVM specification. It is similar to [`mulShiftRight(){:tact}`](#mulshiftright), but instead of [rounding down][round-down], the result value is rounded to the nearest integer with results like 42.5 rounded to 43.
```

fun mulShiftRightCeil(x: Int, y: Int, z: Int): Int;
```

> Similar to [`mulShiftRight(){:tact}`](#mulshiftright), but the result value `(x * y) / 2^z` is rounded using ceiling division (rounds towards positive infinity). This corresponds to `ceil((x*y)/2^z)` from the TVM specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Computes `ceil((x * y) / 2^z)` from the TVM specification. It is similar to [`mulShiftRight(){:tact}`](#mulshiftright), but instead of [rounding down][round-down], the result value is [rounded up][round-up].
```
